Some say that the mayor's assistant is one of the most worthless jobs a person can get, but in my eyes that job is irreplaceable. Why? Because I'm the mayor, and my assistant runs almost the entire town for me. I'm referred to as The Villager, and I was appointed mayor of this city after just arriving here one day. It was pretty crazy, especially considering the fact that it was so sudden. It must be because I was the only human for miles around, and the only one with opposable thumbs. I do little for the town aside from shake trees to collect currency known as "Bells". Isabelle, an adorable white and yellow dog does most of the work for me. She runs most of the stuff behind the scenes while I just goof off and have fun. At first I felt bad about it, but I grew to used to taking advantage of her kind and caring personality and constantly left her in charge while I took all of the credit.

I'm normally not that kind of person, I like to play by the books and treat people respectfully. Still, I was too stressed out by the responsibility of running a town filled with animal people that I wanted to run away from my responsibilities constantly. Little did I know that I was about to learn that running away never solved anything, and I was going to learn it the hard way. One day when I had just got back from a workload of shakin' trees, Isabelle was waiting in the mayor's office with a strange mechanical device. The machine had several cords around it, many wires poking out and a couple of consoles attached to it. The machine itself had two cylindrical pods that had two steel doors bolted onto them. "Hey, Isabelle! What's all this?" The delicate canine secretary turned to me and smiled, "Oh, this? Well, it's something you signed off on. I'm not sure what it does, I was sick the day you signed for it." I scratched at the cap on my head as I looked at the machine. "I'm not too sure what it does either. I believe I was just signing papers at random one day, this must be some weird kind of agricultural thing or something. Maybe it grows vegetables." Isabelle shook her head in response, "No, Mayor, I think this is something different. It says two different people must reside in each pod. At which point, "A  transfer of data" shall occur. It is also said that the Mayor and someone else should use this device first, as it will alter perspectives and give the persons in question a better outlook on life."

I blinked in confusion, I had no clue what she was talking about. "What is a "transfer of data"? Is some sort of computer game or something?" Isabelle walked over to the machine and pressed a button on the pod, causing one of the steel doors to slide open. "I don't think so, this device seems to be for something else. It's big enough for us to fit in, maybe we should enter the pods together and see what they do." I shrugged my shoulders and smiled, I knew the pods couldn't be too dangerous. No one would develop something that would physically harm the mayor and his assistant. This should be perfectly fine for the two of us to use. "Alright, we should test this thing out and get in each of the pods!" Isabelle nodded in response. "Yeah, we should definitely see what these devices can do. It may greatly help the town!" Isabelle walked over to the console and booted up the machine, right before walking into the pod on the right. I smiled and hopped into the left one, as the steel doors behind us immediately shut. I suddenly had a bad feeling about this as the machine hummed. A blue glow circulated through the machine blinding me in the process. The glow made me feel immensely warm, as if I had been covered with a blanket.

My body felt different somehow, but I couldn't figure out why. My shorts felt a little more drafty then usual, and my skin felt like it had a soft layer of fuzz lining it. I felt something wiggle out of the back of my shorts, almost like some sort of new appendage. Weird smells were wafting in through my nose, giving me the impression that the device blew a fuse or something. My ears felt longer and puffy, and I could hear sounds that I normally couldn't pick up. Suddenly, the metallic door in front of me opened up and I was greeted by a bizarre sight. It was my own face staring back at me, another human that looked just like me! Short brown, red T-Shirt with the number 1 emblazoned upon it, and even the same pair of shorts! That's when I drew my eyes downwards and saw something equally bizarre. I was wearing Isabelle's blue skirt and her green sweater-vest! I looked at my hands and found that they were now paws covered in soft white and yellow fur! "What's go---" I immediately slapped my hands over my mouth as I heard Isabelle's voice escape it.

"Sorry about this, but it needed to be done. As a mayor you need to learn responsibility, and I'm going to help you do that!" I rubbed my eyes in disbelief, that sounded like something Isabelle would say... Wait a minute! If Isabelle is me then does that mean... I ran over to a nearby mirror and looked at my reflection, to my horror I found Isabelle staring back at me! I had her soft and fluffy yellow fur, her floppy and adorable ears, and I even wore her clothing! I was a girl, this can't be real! I turned to the dog wearing my form as he stuck his lips out to pout at me. "This is what you get! You're lazy and complacent, that's why this week you will live my life and actually get off your butt and help this town!" She was right, I had been far too lazy and have done nothing except run away from my responsibilities. "Okay, I'll try..." I said weakly as I whimpered. He walked up to me and placed his hand on my head, I looked up at him to see his smiling face. "Don't worry, you'll body back after a week. In the meantime, I'll go and win the annual tree-shaking competition for the town!" I tilted my head at her in confusion, "What are you talking about? Have you even shook a tree before?"

He shook her head as she shot my a sadistic grin. "Nah, never! I'm sure I'll learn as I do though, just like how you'll learn to run a town as you start performing my duties." I gulped, Isabelle has to take care of a lot of things in the city. There was no way I could handle all the responsibility. "I'm leaving, see ya later!" He waved and leapt out the door leaving me dumbstruck. There I was, a goofy little dog girl with fluffy yellow fur and soft white fur around my mouth that looks like a beard. A girl just ran off with my body... This would be so much cooler if I wasn't in a kids game! I wanted to help my town, but I didn't want to achieve that goal as Isabelle. I looked back at the machine and noticed the reset button. "Score!" I said in my adorable tone of voice as I wandered over to it. I was careful when walking towards, tip-toeing on my paws making sure that Mr. Resetti doesn't hear me.

I slowly made my way over to the machine and was about to press the reset button, when I suddenly heard the sound of someone clearing their throat. I turned to see Mr. Resetti staring at me from outside my window! I didn't want him to break my kneecaps again, so I moved my paw away from the button. He smiled sadistically, as he slowly dug himself underground from outside the window. I had dodged a bullet there, but I still needed a way out of this! No, I can't keep running away from my problems. I've gone from being the useless Mayor to being a lowly secretary, and now it was my job to clean up my act! I left my office and ran out the door. I walked down the street, as the warm sun beat down up my thick fur. I was sweating, my tongue was literally hanging out of my mouth and I was panting.

It didn't help that  I was walking by a group of construction workers at the time who thought I was panting at them, they responded by whistling at me and staring. I wasn't some sort of dog in pet-shop they could just walk in and buy, I was an individual! I went on my way and continued onwards, until I found Tom Nook by a nearby fishing hole. The racoon-dog had his fishing line cast in the lake and was happily humming to himself as I approached. As I approached, Tom turned to face me. "Ah, Ms. Isabelle! How are things with you?" I blushed nervously, I had no clue how to act in someone else's body. Tom smirked, "What are you doing here? You should be over at club LOL!" Oh, I forgot that KK Slider was playing tonight! Isabelle was a huge fan of him, and I enjoyed his music too.

"I'd hurry along now, he's signing autographs tonight and you don't want to miss out on it!" I nodded vigorously as I ran off. I unfortunately ran way too much, causing my skirt to get bunched up. I wasn't used to this article of clothing, so I ended up fiddling with it endlessly. I reached the club and was immediately let in by the bouncer. I wandered inside and was greeted by the delectable smell of non-alcoholic beverages. The place had a good atmosphere, and I soon found my way to the main stage. There, KK was about to put on his performance. He picked up his guitar and his pick, as the tiny white dog prepared to play a serenade. Before he did so, he looked at me and winked. I didn't know how to respond, I just froze up. Clearly that wink was meant for Isabelle, but I got it instead!

It's like in school when you accidentally read someone's love letter before they get to read it, you feel like absolute trash afterwards! KK was adept with his paws and strummed an amazing tune on his guitar. I sat on a table, as KK continued his melody. Long into the night for several hours, until he finally finished. Everyone stood up to clap and I joined in, but with paws it sounded more like I was smacking a pair of socks together then actually clapping my hands! KK walked down from the stage and waved to all his fans, he made sure he greeted everyone. He then spotted me and simply said, "Hello." Before walking away. I wonder if KK and Isabelle have some sort of relationship I don't quite know about...

Well, it was their own personal business and I had no right to pry! After KK left, I also left and prepared for the week ahead. I spent the week actually helping the people in town, I set up various buildings and commissioned new add-ons be attached to certain buildings. I even setup a "Save The Bees" concert with KK Slider. Surprisingly nobody showed up. Who knew people actually hated bees? After the various events of the week, I went back to the mayor's hall where Isabelle was waiting. "I heard about all the stuff you did for everyone. I'm proud to call you the mayor." I smiled and waved my tail around. "Thanks! Does that mean I get my body back?" Isabelle cleared his throat. "Maybe later, I still have some things I want to take care of..." I blinked, "What could that be?" He reached into his bag to pull something out. "I have to figure out where to put this first!" He pulled out a large gold trophy, belonging to the Annual Tree-Shaking Contest. "You won?! That's awesome!" He smirked as he put the trophy on my desk. "Yep! It took strategic planning, and a knowledge of which trees would have the largest chance of having bees. I managed to pull through and get the most in the entire country! I knew you'd be working your hardest to improve, so I knew I had to as well!" I smiled and gave him a big hug. "Thanks, Isabelle. I'm sorry for being a terrible Mayor." He smiled and patted me on the head. "Hey, you didn't know you'd be good until you actually tried. Say, let's switch back now, I miss my fluffy little paws." I nodded in agreement as I ran back to the machine. It was time to swap back, and I had learned a lot. I knew that being a Mayor of a whole town would never be truly easy, but I had to strive to make it happen. That is my solemn vow as mayor!
